LAST TIME ON...
Syrus: THEY TURNED
THE SCHOOL GYM
INTO AN INFIRMARY?
I FIGURED OUT WHAT'S
CAUSING ALL THIS.
OUR BIOBANDS!
VIPER'S NOT JUST
DRAINING OUR ENERGY
TO MAKE US WEAK,
HE'S COLLECTING OUR ENERGY
AND STORING IT SOMEWHERE!
Hassleberry: WELL, THAT
SETTLES IT, SOLDIERS.
TIME TO LOCATE
THE ENEMY!
Syrus: LOOK!
Jaden: HOW DID WE GET
OUTSIDE AGAIN?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
WE'RE NOT OUTSIDE.
[GROWLING]
GO! RUN!
AAH!
[ALEXIS SCREAMING]
SURPRISE.
WAIT. DON'T TELL ME.
PROFESSOR STEIN!
Stein: I'M SURE
YOU REALIZE IT'S LOCKED.
DUEL ME,
AND I'LL LET YOU IN.
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE BETRAYED
BY EVERY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS?
BEFORE LONG, YOUR POWER
WILL BELONG TO VIPER!
YOU'RE WITH HIM?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN, HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
Stein: WHEN I'M THROUGH
WITH YOU, WHATEVER
ENERGY YOU HAVE LEFT
GOES TO VIPER!
Jaden: THAT IS SO
NOT COOL, TEACH!
WHAT'S YOUR DEAL?
I MEAN, I GET THAT
YOU DON'T LIKE ME,
BUT GIMME A BREAK!
SIDING WITH A FREAK
LIKE VIPER?
VIPER CHANGED MY LIFE.
I OWE HIM EVERYTHING.
HE WOKE ME UP
TO THE TRUTH.
Viper: CAN'T STAND THEM,
CAN YOU, STEIN--
THE DO-NOTHINGS
THAT POLLUTE
THIS SCHOOL
AND TARNISH
YOUR VERY NAME?
AND AFTER
ALL THE SACRIFICES
YOU'VE MADE.
DUELING HAS BEEN YOUR
PASSION SINCE CHILDHOOD.
YOU DREAMT OF A CAREER
AS A PROFESSIONAL DUELIST.
BUT AS FOR YOUR PARENTS,
THEY HAD OTHER IDEAS.
AS TEACHERS
THEMSELVES, THEY SAW
YOU IN AN ACADEMIC ROLE.
SO AS NOT TO DISAPPOINT
THEM, YOU ENROLLED
AT A TOP UNIVERSITY,
WHERE YOU SPENT YOUR DAYS
OBSESSIVELY STUDYING.
BY NIGHT, YOU ATTEMPTED
TO DUEL PROFESSIONALLY.
BUT, EXHAUSTED
FROM YOUR STUDIES,
THIS PROVED TO BE IMPOSSIBLE.
[GROANING]
YOU WERE SICK
AND OVERWORKED,
AND THUS YOUR DUELING
CAREER MET AN UNTIMELY END.
THEREFORE YOU DECIDED TO DO
THE NEXT BEST THING.
AND HERE YOU ARE.
A HISTORY PROFESSOR
WITH A LOVE FOR DUELING.
IF YOU COULDN'T BE
A PRO DUELIST, PERHAPS
YOUR STUDENTS COULD.
BUT THAT'S NEVER
GOING TO HAPPEN!
WHY NOT?!
IT'S SIMPLE.
THE PUPILS AT THIS
SCHOOL HAVE GIVEN UP.
THEY'D RATHER
DAYDREAM THAN EXPAND
THEIR MINISCULE MINDS.
AND YOU KNOW AS WELL
AS I DO WHO'S TO BLAME FOR
THIS SUDDEN STUDENT APATHY.
AND IT'S TIME HE PAID.
BEFORE WE CONTINUE,
I'D LIKE TO
POSE A QUESTION.
AS LONG AS I
WON'T BE TESTED
ON IT, SHOOT.
IF YOU COULD HAVE DINNER
WITH ANY PHARAOH,
WHO WOULD IT BE AND WHY?
PHARAOH?
WHY WOULD I WANT
TO HAVE DINNER
WITH BANNER'S CAT?
JADEN, I WAS REFERRING
TO AN EGYPTIAN KING,
NOT A COMMON HOUSE PET.
BUT IN ANY CASE,
YOUR UNEDUCATED ANSWER
ILLUSTRATES MY POINT.
YOU'RE A FOOL, A CLOD.
YOU'VE GOT THE BRAIN OF
A PALEOLITHIC CRO-MAGNON.
WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!
I'M JUST A KID.
JADEN, YOU MOCK
EVERYTHING I VALUE.
YOU'VE ATTENDED ONE
CLASS IN THE LAST MONTH,
AND YOU SLEPT
THROUGH HALF OF IT!
YOU'RE A DISGRACE
TO EDUCATIONAL
INSTITUTIONS--
ALL RIGHT, ALREADY.
I GET THE POINT.
I'M A SLACKER!
WELL, ONCE AGAIN,
YOU'RE WRONG!
YOU'RE ONE OF THE TOP
DUELISTS IN THIS SCHOOL,
DESPITE YOUR
DESPICABLE GRADES.
THIS HAS LED
OTHER STUDENTS
TO FOLLOW YOUR LEAD!
[NERVOUS CHUCKLE]
THANKS TO YOU,
EVERYONE THINKS THEY
CAN SLEEP THEIR WAY
THROUGH THE SEMESTER
AND STILL SUCCEED.
UNFORTUNATELY,
NOT EVERYONE POSSESSES
THE NATURAL ABILITIES THAT
YOU EXHIBIT, MR. YUKI.
THERE WAS, HOWEVER,
ONE STUDENT WHO NEVER
BETRAYED ME,
ALEXIS RHODES.
WHILE THE REST OF
YOU NODDED OFF, SHE
LISTENED TO MY LECTURES
WITH ATTENTIVE EARS.
BUT IT WAS ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE
SHE JOINED THE CROWD.
IF YOU WERE SOME
SECOND-RATE HACK, NONE
OF THIS WOULD MATTER.
BUT THINK! YOU DEFEATED
THE THREE SACRED BEASTS.
THEN YOU EXTINGUISHED
THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION.
DON'T YOU SEE?
STUDENTS LOOK AT YOU
AND SAY, "JADEN'S
THE BEST THERE IS.
IF HE CAN SUCCEED
WITHOUT GOING TO
CLASS, SO CAN I."
LOOK, I'M JUST DOIN'
WHAT I DO, BRO.
I MEAN, I NEVER
ASKED TO BE
A ROLE MODEL.
WELL, IF YOU
WOKE UP AND STOPPED
SLEEPING THROUGH LIFE,
YOU'D SEE HOW MUCH
POWER YOU HAD,
BUT I'M AFRAID
NOW IT'S TOO LATE.
JADEN, YOU'RE A WEAK
BLOCK OF LIMESTONE
IN THE GREAT PYRAMID
OF OUR INSTITUTION.
COME AGAIN?
BASICALLY,
YOU'RE A PROBLEM.
AND IF YOU'RE NOT
ELIMINATED SOON,
YOU'LL BRING DOWN
THE ENTIRE SCHOOL!
LUCKILY, VIPER NOTICED THAT
AND HIRED ME TO FIX IT.
NOW IT'S TIME!
SINCE YOUR FIELD
IS EMPTY, I WIN!
BURSTINATRIX,
ATTACK YOUR
FORMER MASTER DIRECTLY!
ACTIVATE TRAP!
NEGATE ATTACK!
NOT ONLY DOES MY CARD
BLOCK YOUR ATTACK,
IT ENDS
YOUR BATTLE PHASE.
PERHAPS. BUT EVERY
PREDICAMENT HAS MORE
THAN ONE VIABLE SOLUTION,
LIKE THIS! I ACTIVATE
MY SCAB BLAST SPELL CARD.
NOW FOR EVERY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
THAT JOINED MY SIDE,
YOU LOSE 200 LIFE POINTS!
I'VE GOT TWO,
SO YOU DO THE MATH...
IF YOU CAN.
AND WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
ABOUT TIME!
LOOK OUT!
I PLAY MY ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND SINCE THERE
ARE NO OTHER CARDS
ON MY FIELD,
BUBBLEMAN'S SPECIAL
EFFECT ACTIVATES,
SO I CAN DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
ONE'S GOIN' DOWN,
AND THE OTHER ONE
I'M USING TO DO THIS.
I FUSE MY BUBBLEMAN
WITH MY AVIAN
IN ORDER TO FORM
ELEMENTAL HERO MARINER!
ALL RIGHT, MARINER,
OLD PAL,
SINCE I HAVE
A FACE-DOWN CARD
ON MY FIELD,
YOUR SPECIAL EFFECT
KICKS IN,
SO ATTACK
PROFESSOR STEIN
DIRECTLY!
IT'S TIME THIS TEACHER
GOT SCHOOLED!
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT I
WAS GETTING IN OVER MY HEAD!
YOU DON'T KNOW
THE HALF OF IT.
LIKE BANDIT BAKURA
SAID TO KING ATEM
IN THE CITY OF KUL ELNA,
"YOUR REIGN IS OVER."
I'M IN A RUSH,
SO CAN THE LECTURE!
IT'S JUST LIKE YOU TO EVADE
YOUR INTELLECTUAL GROWTH.
SAY WHAT?
YOUR MIND IS LIKE
A PRE-DYNASTIC TOMB.
AH, YOU LOST
ME AGAIN.
OF COURSE, THERE ARE
SOME THINGS IN THIS WORLD
YOU'LL NEVER UNDERSTAND.
I COULD SAY THE SAME
ABOUT YOU!
HOW CAN YOU COMPARE
MY INTELLECT TO YOURS?
WELL, THE ANSWER IS,
YOU CAN'T,
'CAUSE MINE IS IN
A DIFFERENT LEAGUE!
MAYBE HISTORY'S NOT
MY THING, BRO!
HERE'S A LESSON FOR YOU--
EVERYONE'S GOT
DIFFERENT STRENGTHS!
WRONG AGAIN!
YOU CAN MASTER ANYTHING
IN THIS WORLD, JADEN.
IT JUST TAKES PRACTICE
AND DEDICATION.
WELL, IF THAT'S
THE CASE, WHY DID
YOU FAIL THE PROS?
THAT WAS NOT MY FAULT!
THE REASON I NEVER
PERFECTED MY DUELING
SKILLS WAS
BECAUSE I NEVER HAD
TIME TO PRACTICE.
I WAS TOO BUSY EARNING
MY DEGREE...
SO I COULD TEACH
UNGRATEFUL BRATS
LIKE YOU!
[VIPER CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
PARDON THE INTERRUPTION.
VIPER?!
YES, IN THE FLESH.
WELL, ACTUALLY IN
THE HOLOGRAM TO BE
TECHNICALLY ACCURATE.
THOUGHT YOU COULD USE
A LITTLE INSPIRATION.
HA HA HA HA!
LET HER GO!
THAT POWER RESTS
WITH YOU, JADEN.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS LOSE.
YOU SEE, EVERY TIME
PROFESSOR STEIN
LOSES LIFE POINTS,
THE WATER LEVEL
RISES ACCORDINGLY.
AT ZERO, SHE GOES UNDER.
LEAVE HER ALONE!
I MEAN IT!
ALEXIS HAS
NOTHING TO DO
WITH THIS!
JADEN'S RIGHT, VIPER!
I CAN'T CONDONE THIS GAME.
CAN'T YOU? THINK, STEIN.
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN HOW
SHE BETRAYED YOU?
HEY, ALEXIS,
WANT TO CUT
CLASS
AND GO TO
THE MALL
WITH US?
THEY'RE HAVING
A SALE ON BOOTS
AND MINISKIRTS!
PLEASE.
LITTLE MISS PERFECT
BLOW OFF A CLASS?
YEAH.
ACTUALLY,
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED.
I MEAN, YOU CAN NEVER HAVE
TOO MANY BOOTS AND MINISKIRTS,
RIGHT? BESIDES,
PROFESSOR STEIN
IS KIND OF DULL.
UGH, HOW COULD YOU?
YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE DIFFERENT!
NOW MY LAST HOPE
TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE
AT THIS ACADEMY IS GONE.
SO ON WITH
THE DUEL, JADEN!
Jaden, thinking: IF
I LOSE, THEN VIPER
GETS ALL MY ENERGY!
BUT IF I WIN, THEN
ALEXIS IS A GONER!
Viper, thinking:
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN.
GIVE IN TO YOUR ANGER.
THE MORE VINDICTIVE
YOU BECOME, THE MORE
ENERGY YOU EXPEL.
IT'S TIME TO EXPECT
THE UNEXPECTED.
TO START WITH,
I'M NOT GOING TO DRAW.
WHEN SCAB BLAST'S
IN THE GRAVEYARD...
I CAN ADD IT TO MY HAND
IN LIEU OF DRAWING
FROM MY DECK, OF COURSE.
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
WHAT IT DOES?
HERE'S A REMINDER!
ALL RIGHT, CLASS,
LESSON TWO.
MY GIFT OF
THE MARTYR SPELL.
I SEND ONE MONSTER
TO THE GRAVE
AND, IN TURN, ALL OF THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
TRANSFER TO THE MONSTER
OF MY CHOOSING.
SO I SACRIFICE
AIR HUMMINGBIRD
AND GIVE HIS POWER
TO BURSTINATRIX!
AND NOW SHE ATTACKS!
TAKE DOWN HIS MARINER
WITH FLAME STORM!
[SCREECHES]
Syrus: IT'S BEEN
OVER AN HOUR!
WHERE IS
EVERYONE?
HOUSTON, WE
HAVE A PROBLEM.
WHAT'S UP?
THE POWER'S BEEN CUT!
THE POWER,
AS IN OUR ONLY
TICKET BACK HOME?
YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO BE
THE HERO, RIGHT, SY?
WELL, THIS IS YOUR CHANCE.
IT'S TIME TO STEP UP!
LOOK! IN THE SKY!
IT'S A BIRD!
IT'S A PLANE!
IT'S A HERO SIGNAL!
SO WHEN ONE OF
MY MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED,
I GET TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
UP TO LEVEL 4!
SPARKMAN, COME ON DOWN!
BUT WAIT! THERE'S
A LOT MORE! WATCH!
I ACTIVATE
SPARK BLASTER!
TAKE THAT, TEACH!
MY SPARK BLASTER
JUST SWITCHED
YOUR MONSTER'S MODE!
YOUR SCAB SCARKNIGHT
MAY BE POWERFUL,
BUT LET'S SEE
HOW HE DEALS
WITH BEING FORCED
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
IMPRESSIVE, MR. YUKI.
YOU DISCOVERED A WAY
TO DESTROY MY MONSTER
WITHOUT DESTROYING
MY LIFE POINTS,
WHICH MEANS
YOUR FRIEND IS SAFE.
SPARKMAN,
ATTACK SCARKNIGHT!
SURPRISE!
I'VE GOT A TRAP--
VICTIM BARRIER!
NO WAY!
WHEN ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS IS ATTACKING,
THIS CARD CHANGES THE TARGET!
AAH!
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
THIS ISN'T FUNNY,
VIPER! AAH!
LET ME OUT OF HERE.
ALEXIS!
EYES ON ME.
WHENEVER MY
VICTIM BARRIER IS IN PLAY,
MY SCAB SCARKNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES!
NOT AGAIN!
THIS WHOLE STEALING
MY MONSTER THING
IS GETTING REAL OLD!
I'M THROWING DOWN
A FACE-DOWN.
AND THAT'S THAT.
ALEXIS!
ARE YOU OUT THERE?
OLLIE, OLLIE OXEN FREE!
SHIRLEY?
Hassleberry: SHE MUST
SENSE SOMETHING.
GUESS WE SHOULD
FOLLOW HER.
Jim: WHAT DID YOU
FIND, GIRL?
MAYBE THERE'S
SOMETHING UNDERGROUND!
ALL I HEAR IS WATER.
MAKES SENSE. IT IS TIME
FOR SHIRLEY'S BATH.
BUT THERE'S MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS TO DO.
Alexis: MORE IMPORTANT
THAN RESCUING ME?
THAT SOUNDS
LIKE LEX!
THAT WATER MUST HAVE
A SOURCE!
LIKE THAT
WATERFALL WE SAW?
NOW WHAT?
HOLD THIS, MATE.
SIT TIGHT!
SOMEONE PLEASE...
HELP ME!
SORRY.
BUT I'D RATHER RESCUE
MY SCAB BLAST SPELL CARD!
AND THEN
I'LL SWITCH HIS MODE
TO ATTACK POSITION!
AND NOW FOR
MY NEW SPARKMAN!
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
HOLD ON, BRO!
I ACTIVATE
MY HERO EMERGES
TRAP CARD!
NOW YOU HAVE
TO PICK A CARD
FROM MY HAND.
IF IT'S A MONSTER
CARD, THEN I GET
TO SUMMON IT!
WHICH ONE'S
IT GONNA BE?
THE LEFT!
GOOD CHOICE!
YOU PICKED
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
I SUPPOSE YOU THINK
YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE SAFE.
AS USUAL,
YOU'RE WRONG!
I ACTIVATE MY SCAB BLAST!
Jaden, thinking:
I CAN STILL WIN,
BUT THAT MEANS
I LOSE A FRIEND!
HEY, YOU DID IT!
AND JUST IN TIME!
THANKS, JIM.
I WOULD HAVE GOTTEN
AWAY WITH IT
IF IT WEREN'T
FOR THOSE MEDDLING KIDS.
SWEET! THEY SAVED HER!
NOW I CAN GO ALL OUT!
READY, PAL?
LET'S DO IT UP!
ATTACK SCAB SCARKNIGHT!
I PLAY A TRAP!
GO, SCAB SCREAM!
SINCE NEOS HAS OVER
2,000 ATTACK POINTS,
IT'S INSTANTLY DESTROYED,
AND I DON'T TAKE ANY DAMAGE!
I KNOW HOW MUCH YOU LIKE
SLEEPING THROUGH LIFE.
SO I'M PUTTING YOU
TO SLEEP PERMANENTLY.
WHAT'S THAT?
HOLD ON.
WHERE DID SCARKNIGHT GO?
AND WHO'S THAT GUY?
ARE WE CONFUSED
AGAIN, JADEN?
A LITTLE HISTORY LESSON
SHOULD CLEAR THINGS UP.
IN THE
NOT-SO-DISTANT PAST,
SCARKNIGHT WAS
AN IMPENETRABLE HERO,
MUCH LIKE KING KHAMUDI
OF THE 15th DYNASTY.
THIS POWERFUL WARRIOR BROUGHT
ME COUNTLESS VICTORIES.
BUT LIKE ME, SCARKNIGHT
WAS PUSHED TOO HARD.
[ROARING]
SOON, I LOST EVERYTHING--
MY FANS, MY CONFIDENCE,
AND, AS YOU CAN
PROBABLY TELL,
MY ENTHUSIASM.
[CROWD BOOING]
AH! YOU'RE A HACK.
DON'T QUIT YOUR DAY JOB!
EAT MY SHOE!
Stein: IT WAS
THEN THAT SCARKNIGHT
TRANSFORMED
INTO A BITTER, HARDENED
VERSION OF HIS FORMER SELF,
AND NEITHER OF US
WERE THE SAME AGAIN.
WE BOTH GAVE UP SO MUCH
FOR OUR LOVE OF DUELING.
BUT IN THE END, I'M AFRAID
IT JUST WASN'T ENOUGH.
HUH? WHAT?
SORRY.
I JUST ZONED OUT.
YOU KNOW,
WHY DO I EVEN BOTHER?
CHILL OUT.
ANYWAY,
I PLAY COCOON LARVA!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACE-DOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
TIME FOR YOUR FINAL LESSON--
SELF-SACRIFICE.
AND IT'S ALL ABOUT
GIVING UP A PART
OF YOURSELF
IN ORDER TO SURVIVE,
SOMETHING I KNOW
ALL TOO WELL,
AND SO DOES
MY SCARKNIGHT,
WHICH IS WHY HE'S GOING
TO SELF-DESTRUCT!
AND WHEN HE DOES, YOU
AND I WILL LOSE THE REST
OF OUR LIFE POINTS!
ACTIVATE TRAP!
Syrus: WHAT'S THAT?!
ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT!
HOW UNCHARACTERISTICALLY
INTELLIGENT OF YOU.
YOU PLAYED COCOON VEIL.
SO YOU WIN.
BUT AS AKNADIN
ONCE SAID TO KING ATEM...
"HE WHO SITS ON HIGH HAS
THE FARTHEST TO FALL."
SCARKNIGHT.
PROFESSOR!
NO.
OH, MAN.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
[LAUGHTER]
[VOICE OF CHILD]
JADEN, I'VE MISSED
YOU SO MUCH!
BUT SOON, YOU'LL BE
ALL MINE AGAIN.
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪♪